housing_unit:casa automatica del signor Rossi, la casa importata automaticamente
room:casa automatica del signor Rossi,sogg,sogg imported,20,20,20,20,true
numeric_sensor_category:importedsensor, is, Sensors&Co,1#50#gradi,temperatura
non_numeric_sensor_category:importedsensor2, is2, Sensors&Co,verde;rosso;giallo,colore
actuator_category:importedactuator, ia, Actuators&Co, mantenimentoTemperatura;idle , idle
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi,act1,importedactuator,true,sogg,sogg
numeric_sensor:casa automatica del signor Rossi,impsens1, importedsensor,true,sogg,sogg
non_numeric_sensor:casa automatica del signor Rossi,impsens2, importedsensor2,true,sogg,sogg
artifact:casa automatica del signor Rossi, importedartifact,artefatto importato,sogg
rule:casa automatica del signor Rossi, importedRule, impsens1_importedsensor.temperatura>10 && time > 10.00, act1_importedactuator := mantenimentoTemperatura(9),false
default:ciao,ciao,ciao
housing_unit:casa automatica del signor Rossi, la casa importata automaticamente
housing_unit:casa automatica del signor Rossi1, la casa importata automaticamente,
housing_unitcasa automatica del signor Rossi2, la casa importata automaticamente
housing_unit:casa automatica del signor Rossi3 la casa importata automaticamente
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi,act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi,act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg2
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi,,act1,,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi,,act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg
actuator:casa automatica del signor Rossi;act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg
actuator6:casa automatica del signor Rossi,act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg
actuator::casa automatica del signor Rossi,act1,importedactuator,true,importedartifact,sogg